hey what's up guys welcome back once
again it is MIMO so happy to be here
with you guys as always and you know
that I mean that guys today we have
another episode of horse with j-rod 1 2
3 99 I'm the challenge today is one gone
all archers all lightning spells and
only my king and I have to to start a
town hall 8 so we're going to see how
this goes guys we are still pushing up
to max doing real good hopefully we can
get some gold off of this raid until we
can upgrade a Tesla but why don't we go
ahead and jump into this and I will be
back with you guys in a few seconds
which I find a base that I think we can
conquer all right all right guys we are
back and I think I found the base that
we are going to take on it is a town
hall 8 and again guys we have 22 * this
thing so I'm going to go ahead and start
dropping some random troops are on the
outside do you see we can start taking
out some of these extra buildings um I
think I'm going to attack from the top
right up here so that we can get rid of
the gosh I'm completely out of it so
that we can get rid of the town hall I'm
going to go ahead and drop my golem and
my barbarian King right there and then
start trickling in some of our some of
our archers as well so the golem is
inside now obviously he's going to be
running around taking hopefully getting
rid of as many of the defense's as you
can I think we should be able to do this
shouldn't be too bad once we can get all
of our archers into the center
compartment there we should be looking
pretty um the mortars are taking some
pretty big hits on them right there we
lost a pretty good amount but our golems
doing a good job of tanking right now if
we can if we can take out the town hall
then we will be good because we are
almost to fifty percent right now we
still have about forty archers left
so once again if we can just take out
that town hall without the motors taking
out how our archers and we will be doing
good my barb king is down like all them
still up and there we have it guys to
star on a town hall 8 we still have
twenty three archers let's see we can't
get ourselves I'm some more loop from
this um yeah the golems still on the
inside hopefully he can be a distraction
as you can see that wizard tie right
there shooting him so maybe we can take
out the wizard not with three archers
even though it looks like he's a level
two wizard so he might get taken out but
nope they just turned on him I didn't
even have to use my spells but you know
I might drop them on this elixir storage
right here and see what we can get from
it I'll just drop one and see how it
goes um so yeah that wasn't really a
fair trade for the cost of gold for that
so we're not going to drop the rest of
them but guys that is a victory
seventy-nine percent we might even be
able to get up to 80 once we get this um
down and I believe this wizard might
actually even get taken out as well yep
there it goes and that looks like it is
going to be hit so we were going to go
ahead and in the battle victorious guys
so we are still at H oh we're doing a
little bit better we didn't start off
too hot but hey that's alright we're
doing better now working our way um into
consistency with this but yep that's
another one guys go check out j-rod 1 2
3 99 he should be posting his video
shortly i sent over a challenge from you
guys to him yesterday so yeah go ahead
and check that out and as always guys
thank you so much for watching I hope
that you guys like this series I know
that I do it's a lot of fun I'm seeing
what you guys come up with as challenges
for us I know that we really enjoy it so
thank you so much and yeah that's going
to be it guys as always you guys rock
thank you for the support we are putting
on up to 10,000 guys we're going to be
there really really soon and it is all
because of you because I can't do this
without y'all so thank you so much and
as always guys make sure that you keep
calm and clash on for me
I'll see you guys later